>> Kent C Dodds: Okay,
so let's move on and
try to integrate this
with our existing toggle.
So here we've got our internal set state.
We're doing our state reducer thing.
This one is, there's a fair
amount of work you have to do,
because now it's not only when on toggle
happens, it's when any state changes.
And this is a toggle component we're only
managing the state of a single Boolean.
And so we could probably get away with
skipping this on state change prop.
But we're using simple examples
to teach practical patterns.
And so
we're going to over-engineer the simple
example slightly so that you can apply
this to more practical scenarios.
And so in practical scenarios, you're
managing more than just one item of state.
And so having a general,
some state changed.
And here's what it was, prop is useful.
So yeah, you'll be mostly working
in this internal set state.
You'll also be spending a little
bit of time in default props.
You'll create a more
generic is controlled.
So rather than is on controlled, you'll
have a is controlled that accepts a prop.
And then the getState as well.
And then you'll just have to,
everywhere that's using this.state,
you'll use this.getState instead.
And when it's all finished.
Yeah, it's much the same
thing that we had before, so.